hey guys just a quick video on how to
eat your light on your skill up pretty
fast this video is not actually about
the video or the clutch how to do it but
if you're wondering check out my other
video I'll put an annotation on the
screen to a link to that odd to see how
to be your armor to do this but it's
more about a Skyrim news update about
Dawnguard being released for the pc and
ps3 big news just came out for Skyrim in
the PC world you plan a pc or ps3 you
have not had Dawnguard yet but adds of
august first 2012 sorry hug a second
2012 Dawnguard was released on steam the
sale price of 1999 the same price as it
was on the Xbox of 1600 microsoft points
all this is big news because it was met
it was rumored that pc and ps3 usually
would never get it but as we see here
that does the heads came out and allowed
PC users to get it hopefully ps3 users
will come next probably we can expect to
see them within a month or so if not
sooner the only reason that the ps3
users do not get Dawnguard as soon as
the pc users was due the performance
issues and they're still working on
figuring out some coding stuff for but
other than that nothing told in the
bathroom it as i said earlier about a
month my guess is actually more like a
week or week and a half i'll make
another video to update you when it does
come out but i'm sure as soon as it
comes out of the make big news will be
all over the PSN network and all over
the internet but you guys subscribe to
me on youtube I'll make sure to make a
video that C know as soon as i know it
should be within an hour or so that
coming up hope you guys enjoyed the
video thanks for watching and be sure to
subscribe for the latest skyrim moves
and obligates an awesome videos make
sure to click that like button favorite
and subscribe to me also hope you guys
enjoyed the video oh here's two links to
some of my other videos you may have
missed one of them Skyrim song that me
my friend put together just using some
basic sounds from Skyrim and the other
is a my easy way to level up Skyrim and
a glitch on how to make your
emotions just ridiculously strong thanks
for watching see ya